## 17 - Number letter counts
_If all the numbers from 1 to 1000 (one thousand) inclusive were written out in words, how many letters would be used?
NOTE: Do not count spaces or hyphens. For example, 342 (three hundred and forty-two) contains 23 letters and 115 (one hundred and fifteen) contains 20 letters. The use of "and" when writing out numbers is in compliance with British usage._

For some reason I shyed away from writing an explicit convert from number to character string, thinking it would be easier to just compute the number of letters immediately.
The two are actually incredibly similar, since in both cases, we can reuse many computations by appending / adding.

- The numbers 10-19 are the oddities since they do not follow the pattern of the next groups of 10.
- The numbers 20-99 are nice and regular, since we can build them by pre-fixing the last digit with "twenty-" for example. The multiples of 10 in that range are special since we do not suffix "zero" at the end, but it's not hard to deal with those cases.
- The numbers 100-999 are again very regular, since we can prefix "one hundred and " to the rest of the number. I decided to use recursion for handling the part after the hundreds.
- I didn't bother writing anything for 1000+ except a hardcoded value for 1000, but it's not difficult to see how we could handle 1000-999.999 by using the same idea of decomposition and appending.

- One small detail is that I wasn't aware that we spell 40 as "forty" in British English, so I had used "fourty" and was wondering why my program was outputting an answer only 100 above the correct one.
