## 3 - Largest prime factor
_The prime factors of 13195 are 5, 7, 13 and 29.
What is the largest prime factor of the number 600851475143 ?_

### Sieve
- I can try to iterate over prime numbers that I build, up to (including) sqrt(n). If none of those divide $n$, then $n$ is prime
	- $\sqrt{n} = 775 146$ here
- To build list of prime numbers, could do by checking all 4 possible candidates per 10s : 10n + 1, 10n + 3, 10n+7 and 10n+9.
	- Could do it with a sieve, but this requires a lot of memory initially no ?

Sieve of Eratosthenes : find all prime numbers up to $k$
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sieve_of_Eratosthenes
1) Create list of $2, \cdots, k$
2) Cross out all multiples of 2
3) Get the smallest number not crossed out. Here it's equal to 3
4) Do 2) and 3) again until $\sqrt{k}$ inclusive.

- Sure about step 4) the $\sqrt{k}$ part ?
From wiki : we can start listing the multiples of $p$ starting from $p^2$, since the numbers below it got marked. This is because **the largest prime factor of a composite number $n$** verifies $p \leq \sqrt{n}$.
As a consequence, algorithm can stop when $p^2 > k$.
- Another improvement : start by listing odd numbers only, and when crossing out multiples, only cross out odd multiples of $p$ (since the even ones already got removed)

### Divide by larger and larger primes
The sieve idea isn't great because we compute way too many primes, much more than needed.
So I'll just do the idea learned at secondary school : go through the prime numbers in increasing fashion, and divide the number until it doesn't have that factor anymore.
Algorithm stops when we reach one, at which we point we can have the prime decomposition and the large prime factor.
